readme.md, before:

# Radio Buttons for Taxonomies  
Contributors: helgatheviking
Donate link: https://inspirepay.com/pay/helgatheviking
Tags: taxonomy, admin, interface, ui, post, radio buttons
Requires at least: 3.4   
Tested up to: 3.4
Stable tag: 1.0.3
License: GPLv2 or later
License URI: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-2.0.html   

The Radio Buttons for Taxonomies plugin lets you switch any taxonomy to a radio-button style metabox.

## Description

This plugin is an evolution of the class by Stephen Harris:  
https://github.com/stephenh1988/Radio-Buttons-for-Taxonomies

It has been expanded to provide a plugin options page where the user can select which taxonomies she'd like to switch to using the custom radio-button style metabox.  

## Installation

1. Upload the `plugin` folder to the `/wp-content/plugins/` directory
1. Activate the plugin through the 'Plugins' menu in WordPress
1. Go to Settings>Radio Buttons for Taxonomies and use the checkboxes to indicate which taxonomies you'd like to use radio buttons  

## Screenshots

1. The settings page where you determine which taxonomies will get radio buttons.
2. This is what the metabox will look like on the post editor screen.

## Changelog

### 1.0.3
* updated donate link

### 1.0.2 
* fixed incorrect plugin settings link
* fixed variable scope in javascript that was preventing plugin from working on multiple metaboxes

### 1.0.1 
* bug fix for when no taxonomies are selected

### 1.0
* Initial release.

Commit message:

update to 1.1, quick edit and columns

readme.md, after:

# Radio Buttons for Taxonomies  
Contributors: helgatheviking
Donate link: https://inspirepay.com/pay/helgatheviking
Tags: taxonomy, admin, interface, ui, post, radio buttons
Requires at least: 3.4   
Tested up to: 3.4
Stable tag: 1.1
License: GPLv2 or later
License URI: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-2.0.html   

The Radio Buttons for Taxonomies plugin lets you switch any taxonomy to a radio-button style metabox.

## Description

This plugin is an evolution of the class by Stephen Harris:  
https://github.com/stephenh1988/Radio-Buttons-for-Taxonomies

It has been expanded to provide a plugin options page where the user can select which taxonomies she'd like to switch to using the custom radio-button style metabox.  

## Installation

1. Upload the `plugin` folder to the `/wp-content/plugins/` directory
1. Activate the plugin through the 'Plugins' menu in WordPress
1. Go to Settings>Radio Buttons for Taxonomies and use the checkboxes to indicate which taxonomies you'd like to use radio buttons  

## Screenshots

1. The settings page where you determine which taxonomies will get radio buttons.
2. This is what the metabox will look like on the post editor screen.

## Changelog

### 1.1
* Added columns to edit screen for every radio taxonomy
* Add quick edit for every radio taxonomy
* Enforce limit of single terms both via save_post and wp_get_object_terms

### 1.0.3
* updated donate link

### 1.0.2 
* fixed incorrect plugin settings link
* fixed variable scope in javascript that was preventing plugin from working on multiple metaboxes

### 1.0.1 
* bug fix for when no taxonomies are selected

### 1.0
* Initial release.
